{"title": "Email FAQs", "body": "Collected here in this article are some of the questions we imagine you might have about our new email feature. We will be continually updating this article with new questions and answers as they come up.\n    What attachments can I send through Email on Demand? Any document created as a New Letter or Imported into the Correspondence OUT grid will be available to be attached, provided that the letter status is Final. This means Investigation Requests, Invoices, Patient Education, and more, can be sent via email after being uploaded to the Patient\u2019s Correspondence.\n  Can I receive replies to my emails? While you won\u2019t be able to receive a direct reply into MediRecords, you can include Reply-to instructions in the body of your email. All emails will come from a clear no-reply email address with an embedded footer that also indicates the inability to receive replies.\n  Can I send an email to multiple email addresses? Yes, you can send as many emails as you like, however you will be unable to include multiple recipients on one email at this stage.\n  Can I send an email to addresses that aren\u2019t saved as a contact or patient? To keep your email safe and secure, the recipient\u2019s email address must be confirmed and saved within a Patient Record or Contact.\n  How can I check to see the delivery status of an email I sent? As with most email servers, a failure to deliver can take a long time and is not always immediately apparent. While you won\u2019t be able to see a delivery status within MediRecords, if you're concerned your email has not reached its destination, please speak to our Support team.\n  How can I view emails that I have previously sent? A sent email will be logged as a Task in the Activities screen, and within the Patient\u2019s Activities tab. This entry will include comprehensive details of the email, including all recipient and patient information, and even whether a file was attached or not, to provide peace of mind that your email went to the right place, and that you didn't forget to attach that document.\n  I want to be confident that my patient information won\u2019t be breached. What level of security is there when sending emails from MediRecords? \u202fMediRecords utilises SMTP Port 587, as do many other major industry mail clients, such as Microsoft Outlook and Apple Mail. This is highly secure, encrypted and reliable, with additional layers of security compared to other ports. "}